adding the troubleshooting section with the known issue (#8962)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/serverless/deployment_tracking/_index.md

cloudtrail:LookupEvents
```

> If you have already added the permission, but you still don't see any event populated for any of your Lambda functions, please contact our awesome [support team][3] to double check the feature enablement.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have already added the permission, but you still don't see events for any of your AWS Lambda functions, please reach out to our [support team][3].
```

cloudtrail:LookupEvents
```

> ## Troubleshooting 

Reviewer 2: I think this section is no longer necessary now, as we just disabled the feature for existing customers to avoid getting more complaints about the cloudtrail noise. However, instead can you help add a sentence in the Setup section to mention that if you already have the permission in your AWS/Datadog IAM role, but you don't see any deployment events populated for any function, then you should reach out to Datadog support to manually enable the feature?

Reviewer 2: Actually, I just made the change myself. @apigirl mind reviewing my proposed change?

Author: awesome, thanks @tianchu!

If you see the error `assumed-role/DatadogIntegrationRole/DatadogAWSIntegration is not authorized to perform: cloudtrail:LookupEvents`, you can disregard it.

> Need help? Contact our awesome [support team][3], or check out discussions going on in the [#serverless][4] channel in the [Datadog Slack community][5].

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Need help? Contact [support][3] or check out discussions going on in the [#serverless][4] channel in the [Datadog Slack community][5].
```
